-[THEME MUSIC PLAYS]
-♪ SOME PEOPLE STAND
IN THE DARKNESS ♪
♪ AFRAID TO STEP
INTO THE LIGHT ♪
♪ SOME PEOPLE NEED
TO HELP SOMEBODY ♪
♪ WHEN THE EDGE OF
SURRENDER'S IN SIGHT ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WORRY
♪ ITS GONNA BE ALRIGHT
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
♪ NO DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS READY
♪ I WON'T LET YOU
OUT OF MY SIGHT ♪
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ NEVER YOU FEAR
♪ NO DON'T YOU FEAR
♪ I'LL BE READY
♪ FOREVER AND ALWAYS
♪ I'M ALWAYS HERE
-MAN: MEMORIAL
DAY WEEKEND,
IT'S GONNA BE HOT,
HOT, HOT, HOT!
I MEAN, GRAB YOUR
COOLERS AND UMBRELLAS
AND SUNTAN LOTION AND
HEAD WHERE THE ACTION IS,
THE BEACH!
-CODY: WELL, SUMMER'S
COMING, LAST CHANCE TO PARTY.
NERVOUS?
-YEAH.
-MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND,
OPENING DAY ON THE BEACH,
IT'S NORMAL TO BE NERVOUS.
-WELL, ACTUALLY I WAS THINKING
ABOUT MY DANCE AUDITION.
I MEAN, IF I GET THIS
PART IN THE MUSIC VIDEO,
THIS COULD BE THE
START OF MY CAREER.
-AND WHAT ABOUT BAYWATCH?
-BAYWATCH IS JUST A JOB,
DANCING'S GONNA BE MY CAREER.
CROSS YOUR FINGERS FOR ME?
-SURE.
-[LANI LAUGHS]
-[ROCK MUSIC AND CHATTERING]
-HEY.
-WHY ARE YOU CRYING?
-[SIGHS] I'M JUST SO HAPPY.
-YOU'RE HAPPY, SO YOU CRY?
-[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
I WANTED TO BE A LIFEGUARD
SINCE I WAS A LITTLE GIRL.
I GUESS I'M JUST NOT USED
TO DREAMS COMING TRUE.
HERE'S TO MAKING IT
THROUGH ROOKIE SCHOOL.
-HERE'S TO DREAMS
COMING TRUE.
-[LAUGHS]
-[WHISTLING]
-CODY: ALRIGHT
EVERYBODY, LISTEN UP!
AS YOU ALL KNOW, THE
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND
KICKS OFF THE SUMMER.
LIFEGUARD TRADITION CALLS FOR
A LUAU TO OPEN OUR SEASON.
SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
LET THE FESTIVITIES BEGIN!
-[CROWD CHEERS]
-[HAWAIIAN MUSIC]
-[LAUGHTER]
-WOMAN: GO, HOBIE!
ALRIGHT GUYS,
LOOKING GOOD!
-MAN: YEAH, NEWMIE!
SHAKE IT BABY!
-WOMAN: A-WOO-HOO!
WOO-HOO-HOO, YEAH!
ALRIGHT!
DO IT, DO IT!
-[LAUGHTER AND CHEERING]
-YOU GUYS LOOK RIDICULOUS.
-[CHEERING]
-NO GOOD?
-UH-HUH.
-LOOK, MY SKIRT'S TOO SHORT.
-MY BRA'S TOO LOOSE.
-NEWMIE, GIVE ME YOUR SKIRT.
LET ME SHOW YOU
HOW TO DO IT.
-[HAWAIIAN MUSIC PLAYS]
-[FIRE CRACKLES]
-[LAUGHTER]
-[CHATTERING AND LAUGHTER]
-MAN: WOO!
-MAN 1: YOU READY?
-MAN 2: YEAH.
-MAN 1: OK.
ONE, TWO, THREE, LIFT!
-MAN 2: CAREFUL, CAREFUL!
-[SPLASHING]
-MAN 1: THAT'S
IT, IT'S DONE.
-[SEAGULLS CALL]
-WE GOT A REPORT FROM A
FISHING BOAT LAST NIGHT.
SOME GUY IN A SKIP WAS
SEEN DUMPING SOMETHING
RIGHT HERE IN THE OCEAN,
HE RADIOED THIS LOCATION.
-DUMPING WHAT?
-TRASH, TOXIC WASTE?
-DRUGS?
-MITCH: THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE GONNA FIND OUT.
ALL RIGHT!
WORK ON THE UNDERWATER
RECOVERY UNIT,
OUR JOB IS TO
SEARCH THE BOTTOM.
WE SWIM IN PARALLEL
LINES, NOT TOO FAR APART.
ANYBODY KNOW WHY?
-UH, THAT WAY WE CAN
COVER ALL THE TERRITORY.
IF I MISS SOMETHING,
YOU AND SKY
CAN PICK IT UP
AND VICE VERSA.
-RIGHT.
CHECK YOUR AIR.
[AIR BLASTS]
READY?
[AIR RELEASING]
LET'S DO IT.
-[TENSE MUSIC]
-[AIR RELEASING]
-[STRAINED SCREAMING]
[AIR RELEASING]
-WOMAN: WHAT IS
THAT, A BODY?
-YOU OK?
-YEAH, I GUESS SO.
JUST TOOK ME BY SURPRISE.
I WAS REALLY HOPING
THAT MITCH HAD PUT A
TRAINING DUMMY DOWN
THERE FOR URU PRACTICE.
-I'VE NEVER SEEN A DEAD
BODY BEFORE, HAVE YOU?
-WHEN I WAS A KID WE HAD
THIS CABIN ON THE LAKE,
AND ONE WINTER I WAS OUT ICE
SKATING AND I LOOKED DOWN
AND I SAW THIS DEAD
MAN UNDER THE ICE.
-GOD, HOW AWFUL.
-YEAH, I STILL HAVE
NIGHTMARES, I STILL SEE HIM.
-[DOOR BANGS]
-JUST SPOKE TO THE
CORONER'S OFFICE,
THEY'RE RUNNING PRETTY
THIN DOWN THERE.
WE NEED TO TRANSPORT
THE BODY TO THE MORGUE.
-I'LL DRIVE.
-THANKS.
-WHICH ONE OF YOU
TWO IS GONNA BE THE
LUCKY ONE TO COME WITH ME?
-TO THE MORGUE?
YUCK.
-I'LL GO.
-NEWMAN: ALL RIGHT.
-SKY: WHY DO YOU
WANNA GO TO THE MORGUE?
-NO ONE EVER FOUND OUT WHO
THAT GUY WAS IN THE LAKE.
HE HAD NO FRIENDS, NO FAMILY,
NO ONE EVEN MISSED HIM.
SOMEBODY OUGHT TO CARE.
-[CRASHING WAVES
AND CHATTERING]
-[ENGINE REVS]
-[CHATTERING]
-MAN: WELL, HOW MUCH
WEIGHT DID YOU TIE ONTO WALLY?
-ABOUT 20 POUNDS.
-ABOUT?
-20, 22, 23, I DON'T KNOW,
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
-WELL THE
DIFFERENCE IS THAT
HE'S NOT WHERE HE'S
SUPPOSED TO BE.
-[SIGHS]
-YOU SHOULD HAVE USED
AT LEAST 25 POUNDS.
-WELL 25 HURT MY BACK.
-DIDN'T YOU WEAR
YOUR BACK BRACE?
-NO, I FORGOT IT.
-BAH.
-ED, WE MADE A PROMISE
TO WALLY, REMEMBER?
-I KNOW, I KNOW,
AND YOU SCREWED UP, JIGGER!
[JIGGER WHINES]
BELIEVE ME, I CAN'T AFFORD
TO CROAK BEFORE YOU.
-LISTEN, WHEN IT'S YOUR
TURN, I'LL USE 50 POUNDS.
NO, 100, I'LL EVEN TIE
A CAR AROUND YOUR LEGS.
HOW'S THAT?
[GRUMBLES]
NOBODY WILL FIND YOU.
'CAUSE NOBODY
WILL EVEN MISS YOU
ENOUGH TO LOOK FOR YOU, HUH.
-GIVE ME THAT PAPER!
-[SEAGULLS CALL]
-[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC]
-♪ EVERY MORNING THERE'S A TIME TO SHOW
GRATITUDE ♪
♪ FOR THE START OF A BRAND NEW DAY ♪
♪ BREATHE THE AIR, SEE THE SKY
♪ LIKE IT'S ALL BRAND NEW
♪ KNOWING FREEDOM IS HERE TODAY
♪ EVERYTHING WE HAVE
♪ IS EVERYTHING WE NEED
♪ COZ OUR FATHERS AND BROTHERS BELIEVED ♪
♪ WHEREVER THERE'S TRUTH
♪ THERE WILL BE SACRIFICE
♪ WHERE THERE IS FREEDOM
♪ THERE WILL BE CAUSE TO FIGHT
♪ WHEREVER THERE'S HOPE
♪ THERE WILL BE PEACE ON EARTH ♪
♪ HERE'S TO THE BRAVE WHO GAVE US
♪ THIS LAND OF LIBERTY
♪ AND WE WILL GO TO THE MOUNTAIN
♪ AND PEOPLE WILL HEAR THE CALL
♪ THAT EVERYONE HAS THEIR FREEDOM
♪ IN THE LAND OF LIBERTY
♪ THIS LAND OF LIBERTY
♪ WHEREVER THERE'S TRUTH
♪ THERE WILL BE SACRIFICE
♪ WHERE THERE IS FREEDOM
♪ THERE WILL BE CAUSE TO FIGHT
♪ WHEREVER THERE'S HOPE
♪ THERE WILL BE PEACE ON EARTH
♪ HERE'S TO THE BRAVE WHO GAVE US
♪ THIS LAND OF LIBERTY
♪ WE WILL GO TO THE MOUNTAIN
-[LAUGHTER]
-SURFER: YOU
REALLY SHOULD COME.
-WOMAN: PIZZA?
-HEY GUYS!
-HEY WHAT'S UP, HOBIE?
-HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS BEACH IS FOR
SWIMMERS ONLY, NO SURFING.
-AW, WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
COME ON, HOBE,
LOOK, THE WAVES,
THEY'RE GNARLY RIGHT HERE.
-SORRY TJ, IT'S
TOO CROWDED TODAY,
WAY TOO DANGEROUS.
-HOBIE MAN, IT'S US, YOU
USED TO SURF WITH US, BRAH.
-YEAH I KNOW, I'M
A LIFEGUARD NOW.
GOTTA DO MY JOB.
HEY, RULES ARE
RULES, RIGHT?
HAVE A NICE DAY.
-FORGET THAT MAN,
LET'S GET IN THERE.
-LET'S GO RIGHT OVER HERE.
-[SEAGULLS CALL]
-[LAUGHTER]
-SO...
YOU GET THIS PART
IN THE DANCE VIDEO,
WHAT EXACTLY
DOES THAT MEAN?
-CONTACTS, EXPOSURE,
HOPEFULLY MORE JOBS.
-HERE, IN L.A. RIGHT?
-COULD BE, COULD
BE NEW YORK,
COULD BE LONDON,
COULD BE WHEREVER.
I COULD TRAVEL
THE WHOLE WORLD.
THAT'S ONE OF THE
PERKS OF THE GIG.
-OH YEAH, I FORGOT.
YEAH [EXHALES].
-[ENGINES REV]
-THOSE MORONS.
BAYWATCH HEADQUARTERS,
THIS IS MADISON.
-RADIO: THIS IS
HEADQUARTERS CODY,
GO AHEAD.
-YEAH, WE GOT A COUPLE
OF ROCKET SCIENTISTS
PLAYING CHICKEN ON THEIR
JET-SKIS JUST OFF TOWER 12.
REQUEST SCARAB
ONE TO COME OUT
AND SEND THEM TO THEIR ROOMS
FOR THE REST OF THE DAY.
-RADIO: ROGER
THAT, WILL DISPATCH.
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-[ENGINES REV]
-DRIVERS: WOAH-HO, WOO!
WOAH!
-YEAH!
-WOO!
YEAH!
-[LOUD IMPACT]
-MAN: AGH!
-MAN: WOAH, NO!
-YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
BAYWATCH HEADQUARTERS,
THIS IS TOWER 12 AGAIN,
THE JET-SKIERS JUST
HIT EACH OTHER,
CODE THREE ON THAT BACKUP.
LET'S GO.
-[FRANTIC MUSIC]
-OW, OW!
[GROANS]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
-[CODY INHALES DEEPLY]
-[FRANTIC MUSIC]
-[GASPS]
-[GASPS AND PANTS]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
-[GASPS].
-[SIREN BLARES]
-[INHALES DEEPLY]
-CODY: NEWMAN!
-NEWMAN: I'M ON IT.
-[BREATHING]
-[SPLUTTERING]
-[LANI GASPS]
-NEWMIE: ALL RIGHT,
GET HIM OVER HERE.
-[COUGHING]
-NEWMIE: COME ON, LANI.
COME ON.
-CODY: GET HIM, NEWMIE.
-NEWMIE: OK, I GOT HIM.
-[LANI GASPS]
[LANI WHIMPERS]
-YOU OK?
-OW.
-CODY: START
CHEST COMPRESSIONS.
-OW!
-THE SECOND ONE'S
GOT A PULSE.
-[LANI SIGHS]
-[ROCK MUSIC]
-CODY: HOW
DOES THAT FEEL?
-LANI: OW!
THERE!
THAT HURTS.
-HOW'D IT HAPPEN?
-I STEPPED INTO THE SURF
LINE, AN INSHORE HOLE.
-I DON'T THINK
IT'S BROKEN.
JUST TWEAKED
IT REALLY BAD.
I'LL WRAP IT FOR SUPPORT,
BUT YOU SHOULD ICE IT
FOUR OR FIVE TIMES A DAY
FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES.
OH AND KEEP
IT ELEVATED TOO.
-[LAUGHS] THANK
YOU, DOCTOR.
-[LAUGHS]
THE BEST THING,
THOUGH, WOULD BE
TO STAY OFF IT FOR
A COUPLE OF DAYS.
-NO WAY, I'VE GOT MY
AUDITION AT VENICE BEACH
AND I'M GOING TO MAKE IT.
-THIS ISN'T GOING TO
HEAL OVERNIGHT, LANI.
-I'VE REHEARSED EVERY
NIGHT FOR THE PAST
THREE WEEKS, I'VE
NAILED THE ROUTINE.
DON'T WORRY, I'LL BE FINE.
ICE, 20, FOUR OR FIVE
TIMES A DAY, I'VE GOT IT.
I'LL BE THE
PERFECT PATIENT.
-[SIGHS] WHEN'S
YOUR AUDITION?
-TOMORROW AFTER WORK.
-HOW ABOUT I DRIVE
YOU THERE AND WATCH?
I COULD BE THE CHEERLEADER
AND TEAM PHYSICIAN.
-OK.
-OK, MY PATIENT.
[SIGHS].
-WOMAN: YUMMY!
-SURFER: PASS ME
THE CHEESE PLEASE.
-TJ: WE CAN LEAVE
IT FOR AWHILE THERE,
AND DON'T BURN
MINE THIS TIME.
-WOMAN: IT'S GOOD!
-TJ: AND THAT ONE'S MINE?
-SURFER: MEAT AND A
LITTLE CHEESE ON TOP THERE,
IT'LL BE ALRIGHT.
-[CHATTER AND LAUGHTER]
-TJ: OH HEY, LOOK,
LOOK EVERYBODY!
IT'S MR. LIFEGUARD.
-HEY YOU KNOW THE RULES
ON THE BEACH, NO FIRES.
-SURFER: NO
SURFING, NO BARBECUE.
IT'S A PRETTY
BORING BEACH, MAN.
-[LAUGHTER]
-WELL, IF YOU DON'T
LIKE THE RULES,
THEN YOU CAN
GET OUT OF HERE.
-WHO'S GONNA MAKE US GO?
-I'LL MAKE YOU GO.
-WOAH-HO, LOOK OUT
THERE, MR. LIFEGUARD.
2YOU'RE REALLY
SCARING ME, YOU KNOW?
-ALL RIGHT, THIS
IS A WARNING.
NEXT TIME?
[SIGHS]
-[LAUGHTER]
-WHO WANTS CHEESE
ON THEIR BURGERS?
-WOMAN: I DO!
-WOMAN: ME TOO! [LAUGHS]
-[SEAGULL CALLS]
-HEY.
-HEY, SKY.
-SO, WHAT DID THE MORGUE
SAY ABOUT OUR JOHN DOE?
WAS HE MURDERED?
-THEY DON'T THINK SO.
-HE HAD THOSE
WEIGHTS ON HIS LEGS.
YOU DON'T THINK IT
WAS A SUICIDE DO YOU?
-HERE'S THE WEIRD PART.
THE CORONER
ISN'T SURE YET,
BUT HE THINKS
THAT JOHN DOE WAS
SALREADY DEAD BEFORE
HE HIT THE WATER.
-[EERIE MUSIC]
-HELP ME!
-HELP ME! [GASPS]
[SIGHS].
[HEAVY BREATHING]
-APRIL, WHAT'S WRONG?
-IT WAS [SIGHS]...
I SAW HIM.
-SAW WHO?
-THE MAN, JOHN DOE,
THE BODY WE FOUND.
-IT WAS JUST A BAD DREAM.
-BUT IT SEEMED SO REAL.
HE WAS FLOATING.
AND HIS NECKLACE WAS
SPARKLING IN THE WATER.
HE OPENED HIS EYES AND
HE SAID, "HELP ME."
-WHAT NECKLACE?
-I REMEMBER IT,
HOW IT WAS SHINY AND
LIKE IT WAS
CATCHING THE SUN.
SKY, YOU CHECKED JOHN DOE
FOR ANY PERSONAL EFFECTS
THAT MIGHT HELP
US IDENTIFY HIM,
YOU HAVE TO REMEMBER
THE NECKLACE.
-THERE WAS NO NECKLACE.
-THERE WAS, IT WAS
SILVER, I SAW IT.
IT MUST HAVE FALLEN OFF
WHEN WE BROUGHT HIM UP.
[SIGHS] SKY...
I WANT TO GO
BACK DOWN THERE.
-WHY ARE YOU LETTING
THIS GUY GET TO YOU?
-I WANNA LOOK FOR IT.
-APRIL...
-HE SAID, "HELP ME."
MAYBE WE CAN IF WE
FIND THE NECKLACE.
-15 MINUTES THEN
WE COME UP, OK?
-[WATCHES BEEPING]
-GOTCHA, LET'S GO.
-[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
-[GASPING]
-[SLOW BEEPING]
[BEEPING SPEEDS UP]
[RAPID BEEPING]
[BEEPING STOPS]
-[SOFT PIANO MUSIC]
-♪ YOU KNOW I LOVE IT YOU SAY
♪ I WONT BABY
♪ YEAH MAYBE
♪ ITS CAUSE I LOVE IT WHEN ♪
♪ I PROVE YOU WRONG BABY
♪ COULD YOU BLAME ME
♪ YOU KNOW I CAN DO IT WITH OUT YOU ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I CAN DO IT WITH OUT YOU
♪ OOH IM BETTER THAN I EVER BEEN
♪ AND IM NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN
♪ AND IM NEVER GOING BACK TO YOU AGAIN
[ROCK INSTRUMENTAL]
♪ OOH IM BETTER THAN I EVER BEEN
♪ AND IM NEVER GOING BACK AGAIN
♪ AND IM NEVER GOING BACK TO YOU AGAIN
-MITCH: YEAH THE
DOG TAGS, U.S. NAVY.
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
JOHN DOE HAS A NAME,
IT'S WALLACE TUTTLE.
WHAT?
YOU SERIOUS?
YEAH, YEAH THANKS.
-SO, WALLY IS NO
LONGER JOHN DOE.
-YEAH, WELL THERE'S
A BIT OF A SNAG.
-THEY CAN'T FIND WALLY.
-WHAT?
-SOMEBODY STOLE
HIS BODY FROM THE MORGUE.
-[DOG TAGS CLINK]
-[ROCK MUSIC]
-WOMAN: HEY,
WE'RE ALMOST
OUT OF BEER.
-AH, CHEERS!
-[GLASS CLINKING]
-WE SHOULD HAVE
GOTTEN OUR OWN
LITTLE TEQUILA.
-OH THAT WOULD
HAVE BEEN THE BEST.
WHAT WERE WE THINKING?
-HUH?
-TJ: OH HEY LOOK,
IT'S SON OF LIFEGUARD,
PART THREE,
THE FINAL CHAPTER.
-HOBIE: YOU
KNOW WHAT, TJ?
I COULD HAVE SWORE I
TOLD YOU YESTERDAY,
YOU EITHER FOLLOW THE RULES
OR YOU LEAVE THE BEACH.
POUR OUT THOSE BEERS.
-OK SIR, YES
SIR, NO PROBLEM.
-[LAUGHTER]
-HEY, HEY DUDE, WHY DON'T
YOU JUST LIKE DO ME A FAVOR
AND JUST LIKE GET
OUT OF HERE, MAN.
[GROANING]
-WOMAN: IT'S A FIGHT!
-[FRANTIC MUSIC]
-WOMAN: OH MY!
-MAN: SOMEONE GET HELP!
-WOMAN: LEAVE HIM ALONE!
-[GROANING]
-[WOMEN FRET]
-[THUDDING AND GRUNTS]
-[WITNESSES CHATTER]
-MAN: HEY MAN, HEY
MAN, HE'S A LIFEGUARD!
-WOMAN: IS HE OK?
-[CHATTER]
-AH, AH, AH, AH, YES!
-GIN! [LAUGHS].
-YOU SAID YOU DIDN'T NEED
THE EIGHT OF CLUBS, YOU LIED.
-PRETTY MUCH.
YOU OWE ME EXACTLY
16,420 DOLLARS.
-TAKE A CHECK?
-NO, CASH ONLY.
-ED: ALRIGHT.
A DOLLAR 87.
-APRIL: IS THAT THEM?
-TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
-SKY: IT'S GOTTA BE.
-WELCHER.
-LIAR.
-NYEH.
-MR. LINDSEY, MR. MORGAN,
SORRY TO INTERRUPT, BUT
THE LADY AT THE FRONT DESK
SAID THAT WE
COULD TALK TO YOU.
-WHO ARE YOU?
-WE'RE BAYWATCH LIFEGUARDS,
I'M APRIL, THIS IS SKYLAR.
-JIGGER: HI.
-APRIL: WALLACE TUTTLE?
-DON'T KNOW HIM.
-ME NEITHER.
-BUT THE LADY AT
THE DESK SAID--
-DON'T KNOW HER EITHER.
-NO, I DON'T
KNOW ANY ALICES.
-APRIL: WELL THERE WERE
ONLY FOUR WALLACE TUTTLES
IN THE PHONE BOOK AND
THREE OF THEM WERE...
-WERE WHAT?
-WELL, ALIVE.
OUR WALLACE
TUTTLE PASSED AWAY.
-WELL, THEN HE
WOULDN'T BE HERE.
-NO, NO, NO SMOKING,
NO LOUD MUSIC,
NO DEAD GUYS.
-APRIL: WELL WE KNOW
THAT HE LIVED HERE
AND WE WERE JUST HOPING
THAT YOU COULD HELP US
FIND A FAMILY MEMBER
OR NEXT OF KIN?
-DIDN'T KNOW HIM,
COULDN'T KNOW THEM.
-ME NEITHER.
-THANK YOU, GENTLEMEN.
GOODBYE.
-JIGGER: YEAH.
ED, WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
-THEY'RE ON TO US.
-YEAH.
-WE CAN'T WAIT 'TILL THE
NIGHT, WE'VE GOT TO MOVE NOW.
-RIGHT, RIGHT NOW.
-WELL, ONE MORE.
-OK.
-[CHATTER]
-DIRECTOR: OK
LADIES, LISTEN UP.
DOES EVERYBODY HAVE
THE COMBINATION?
-WOMEN: GOT IT.
-OK THEN,
THIS VIDEO'S GONNA BE
SHOT IN THE CARIBBEAN,
SO HOT, HOT, HOT,
IS THE MOTIVATION.
ARE YOU READY?
-WOMAN: READY.
-PLAY IT BACK,
-♪ MY KIND OF WOMAN
♪ NO DOUBT ABOUT IT
♪ YOU GOT EVERYTHING A MAN WOULD NEED
♪ TREASURE THE MOMENT
♪ THE DAY I FOUND YOU
♪ YOU WERE BETTER THAN
♪ THE GIRLS OF MY DREAMS
♪ THE KIND OF WOMAN I NEED
♪ OOOH MY KIND OF WOMAN
♪ ANYWHERE YOU ARE
♪ ANYWHERE YOU'RE GOING ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I'LL FOLLOW YOU THERE
♪ I DON'T CARE FAR
♪ IF IT'S YOU I'M HOLDING
♪ BECAUSE NOBODY COMPARES
♪ MY KIND OF WOMAN
♪ NO DOUBT ABOUT IT
ARE YOU OK?
-I'LL BE FINE, JUST LET
ME TRY IT AGAIN, OK?
-OK, HERE WE GO!
-WOMAN: HER ANKLE.
-OW!
-DIRECTOR: IS IT YOUR ANKLE?
-CODY: YOU ALRIGHT?
-WOMAN: SHE'S REALLY HURT.
-LISTEN, YOU'RE REALLY
GOOD, WHY DON'T YOU GO
AND COME BACK WHEN
YOU HEAL UP, OK?
LADIES, TAKE
TWO, COME ON!
HERE WE GO.
-[TYPING]
-[SIGHS] THOSE TWO OLD
GUYS KNOW SOMETHING,
I'M TELLING YOU.
I RAN WALLACE
TUTTLE'S DOG TAG
NUMBERS THROUGH THE INTERNET
AND I TRACKED HIM DOWN
TO THE U.S.S.
MISSOURI, 1944.
HE WAS A 17 YEAR OLD
SAILOR ON THE SHIP.
-THAT MEANS HE CAUGHT THE
TAIL END OF WORLD WAR II.
-YEAH, AND LOOK WHO
HIS SHIPMATES WERE.
-ED MORGAN AND
MARIAN JIGGER LINDSEY.
MITCH, THEY ALL THREE
WERE ON THE SAME SHIP,
AT THE SAME TIME.
THEY LIVED IN THE
SAME RETIREMENT HOTEL.
THEY'VE KNOWN EACH
OTHER FOR OVER 50 YEARS.
-WAIT A MINUTE, YOU'RE
TELLING ME YOU THINK
ED AND JIGGER
KILLED WALLY?
-I DON'T KNOW, BUT THEY SURE
DIDN'T WANNA TALK ABOUT HIM
OR EVEN ADMIT THAT
THEY KNEW HIM.
-MAYBE WE SHOULD GO
SEE THESE GUYS AGAIN.
-THEY'RE NOT THERE.
-YOU CALLED THE HOTEL?
-HER NAME IS
ALICE BY THE WAY.
ED AND JIGGER,
WENT FISHING.
THEY OWN A SMALL BOAT
DOCKED IN THE MARINA.
GUESS WHO THE THIRD
PARTNER IN THE BOAT IS?
-WALLY.
-ALRIGHT GET THE SEA
CAT AND GO LOOK FOR THEM.
[MELANCHOLY MUSIC]
-THINK WE'RE OUT
DEEP ENOUGH?
-THIS LOOKS LIKE
A GOOD PLACE.
-25 POUNDS THIS TIME?
-25.
-YEAH.
-ABOUT!
-[BOAT CLUNKS]
-[MEN YELP]
-[MEN GROAN]
-WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?
-THE PROPELLER'S
CAUGHT IN THE KELP.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
SEE IT COMING?
-YOU WAS AT THE HELM!
-YOU WERE ON WATCH!
+THAT'S WHY THEY
CALL IT A WATCH.
-YEAH [LAUGHS].
-YOU'RE GOING BEFORE I AM.
YOU KNOW HOW I KNOW?
-NO, HOW?
-BECAUSE I'M GOING TO DO IT.
-[JIGGER GRUMBLES]
-NOW GET US OUT OF HERE.
-ALRIGHT, WAIT A MINUTE,
I'M GONNA CHECK IT OUT HERE.
AH, OH BOY [GRUNTS].
I CAN'T REACH IT,
GIVE ME A HAND!
YOU GOT ME?
-ED: YEAH.
-[JIGGER GROANS]
[JIGGER YELPS]
WOAH!
-[TENSE MUSIC]
-[WHIMPERING]
-SOMEBODY HELP ME!
PAPA, [WHIMPERS]!
-[FRANTIC MUSIC]
-APRIL: OVER HERE,
STARBOARD SIDE.
-HELP, HELP ME, HELP, HELP!
-[ENGINE ROARS]
-APRIL: I'LL GO.
-SKY: I'M RIGHT BEHIND YOU.
-[JIGGER WHIMPERS]
-[GROANS] HELP ME!
-RELAX, YOU'RE GONNA BE OK.
-[FRANTIC MUSIC]
-APRIL, YOU GOT HIM?
-[JIGGER GRUNTS]
-YEAH, LET'S GET
HIM BACK TO THE BOAT.
-[JIGGER GROANS]
-[APRIL AND SKY PANTING]
-[JIGGER COUGHS]
-MITCH: ALL RIGHT,
LET'S GET ER...
WALLY TO THE MORGUE.
AND GET A RECEIPT, HUH?
-OK.
-MITCH: ALL RIGHT, GENTLEMEN,
THE TIME HAS COME.
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON?
-HUH, WELL IT ALL
STARTED 49 YEARS AGO.
--50.
-ED: WHATEVER.
-JIGGER: YES.
-ME AND JIGGER AND WALLY,
WE WERE SHIPMATES,
BEST BUDDIES.
WELL ONE NIGHT IN HONOLULU
WE WERE ON SHORE LEAVE
AND WE DECIDED TO GO TO THE
[LAUGHS] HUBBA-HUBBA CLUB.
-BUTTERFLY LOUNGE, IT'S A
DIFFERENT PLACE, YOU KNOW?
-YOU WANT TO TELL
THE STORY, BIG MOUTH?
-YEAH, I'D BE HAPPY TO,
YOU SEE, WE WERE JUST KIDS.
AND WE WERE SCARED,
THERE'S A BIG WAR GOING ON
AND WE DIDN'T KNOW IF WE'D
ALL THREE MAKE IT BACK HOME.
SO WE TOOK A VOW.
IF ONE OF US CROAKED.
-THE OTHER TWO WOULD SEE
THAT HE GOT A PROPER BURIAL.
THAT'S WHAT
BEST BUDDIES DO.
WHO'D OF FIGURE IT
IT'D TAKE 49 YEARS.
-50.
-ED: WHATEVER.
-EH.
-ANYWAY, SINCE WALLY
WAS AN OLD SAILOR,
WE DECIDED THAT A BURIAL
AT SEA WOULD BE PROPER.
-JIGGER: YEAH.
-WELL, IT WAS A
NICE IDEA GUYS.
PROPER, MAYBE.
-PROPER.
-ILLEGAL, DEFINITELY.
-ILLEGAL?
4-VERY ILLEGAL,
DEFINITELY, HE SAID.
SO WHAT DO WE
DO ABOUT WALLY?
-[CHATTER]
-HEY, HOW'S YOUR ANKLE?
-IT'S OK.
-WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
-JUST CLEANED
OUT MY LOCKER.
-YOU GOING SOMEWHERE?
-YEAH, I'M
QUITTING BAYWATCH.
-BECAUSE YOU LOST
THE PART IN THE VIDEO?
-LANI, THERE'S
ALWAYS NEXT TIME.
-WELL, IT COULD
HAVE BEEN THIS TIME.
IF I HADN'T OF BEEN
RUNNING AROUND OUT THERE
IN THAT RED BATHING SUIT,
MAYBE I WOULDN'T
HAVE HURT MY ANKLE.
-AND YOU COULD HAVE
HURT IT DANCING.
-THE WAY I FIGURE IT,
BAYWATCH COST ME MY JOB.
[LANI GASPS]
-HEY, HEY.
-DAMN, CODY, I COULD
HAVE GOTTEN THAT PART.
JET-SKIERS COULD HAVE DIED.
YOU SAVED A LIFE.
-ALL MY LIFE I'VE
WANTED TO BE A DANCER.
-AND YOU ARE, YOU'RE
JUST ALSO A LIFEGUARD.
AND A GOOD ONE, YOU
CAN BE BOTH, FOR NOW.
-NO.
-I DON'T WANT
YOU TO LEAVE.
-[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
-LOCK, DAMMIT.
[BANGING]
[GROANS].
-[BRAKES SQUEAK]
COME ON!
-NEED SOME HELP?
-NO, IT'S JUST BEING
STUBBORN, I'LL GET IT.
-LIEUTENANT CUNNINGHAM
SAID YOU HAD A LITTLE
BIT OF A PROBLEM TODAY.
-NO PROBLEM.
-MITCH: REALLY?
WHAT'S THAT ON YOUR
FACE, SHAVING ACCIDENT?
-JUST SOME GUYS
FROM MY SCHOOL.
THEY'VE BEEN HANGING
OUT HERE ALL WEEKEND.
THEY WOULDN'T
DO WHAT I SAID,
KEPT RAGGING ON ME.
LAST TIME, THEY
WERE DRINKING BEERS.
I TRIED TO STOP THEM.
-HOW MANY GUYS
WERE THERE?
-HOBIE: A COUPLE.
-DID YOU CALL FOR
BACKUP BEFORE THE FIGHT?
-NO, I THOUGHT I
COULD HANDLE IT.
-[GROANS] LIFEGUARDS
WORK AS A TEAM HOBIE.
DON'T TRY AND TAKE
ON THE WHOLE BEACH,
IT'S NOT YOUR JOB.
-DAD, IT'S HARD ENOUGH BEING
THE ROOKIE SON OF A CAPTAIN,
WOULD YOU COME ALL
THE WAY OUT TO ZUMA
FOR ANOTHER LIFEGUARD?
-NO, I WOULD HAVE LET
LIEUTENANT CUNNINGHAM
TAKE CARE OF HIS BEACH.
-THEN PLEASE, LET LIEUTENANT
CUNNINGHAM TAKE CARE OF THIS.
I'M NOT YOUR
LITTLE BOY ANYMORE.
I'M A PROFESSIONAL LIFEGUARD,
THIS IS MY FIRST WEEKEND.
I WANTED IT TO BE PERFECT.
FOR YOU, FOR ME.
I GOT A LITTLE
COCKY, I SCREWED UP.
BUT I LEARNED SOMETHING.
-YEAH.
SO DID I.
WELL, THE DAY'S OVER.
DOES THE ROOKIE
NEED A RIDE HOME?
-NO.
BUT THE SON
COULD USE ONE.
OH NO.
-WHAT?
-I FORGOT TO LOWER THE FLAG.
-MITCH: YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
-BOTH: UNLOCK THE SHUTTER.
-ALRIGHT, WE'LL
SNEAK UP ON IT.
-[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
-CODY: IT'S BEAUTIFUL
HERE, ISN'T IT?
-LANI: YEAH, IT SURE IS.
-[CRASHING WAVES]
CODY?
WHAT HAPPENED TO CJ?
-SHE LEFT BAYWATCH.
-NO, I MEAN WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN YOU AND CJ?
CAROLINE TOLD ME YOU
TWO WERE AN ITEM.
-YEP, WE WERE.
-LANI: AND?
-AND, WE AREN'T ANYMORE.
SHE WENT OUT ON
VACATION TO MEXICO,
FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS
ROCK AND ROLL GUY.
TATTOOS AND THE
NOSE RING TYPE.
-MUST HAVE HURT REAL BAD.
-THE TATTOOS OR
THE NOSE RING?
-[LANI LAUGHS]
-YEAH IT HURT, BUT UM...
I WISH HER THE BEST.
SHE GOT MARRIED,
I'M GLAD SHE FOUND LOVE.
SO.
-SO.
-SO, ARE YOU GONNA
STAY AT BAYWATCH OR NOT?
-IF I DO, WHAT?
-YOU AND ME, WE UM...
SEE HOW THINGS GO?
-[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
-I GUESS THAT
WENT PRETTY WELL.
-I'D SAY SO.
-[SOMBER MUSIC]
-[BIRDS CHIRP]
-WOMAN: HE WAS
SUCH A GOOD MAN.
-[SIGHS] WE
BETTER GET GOING.
BEACHES ARE GONNA
BE PACKED TODAY.
-I JUST HOPE
PEOPLE NEVER FORGET
WHAT MEMORIAL DAY
IS REALLY ALL ABOUT.
-HOBIE: I LOVE
YOU, GRANDPA.
-I LOVE YOU TOO, DAD.
LET'S HEAD OUT.
-[SOMBER MUSIC]
-ED: WELL, WALLY,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
-JIGGER: YOU KNOW, WE
COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT WITHOUT
THAT LIFEGUARD
MITCH BUCHANNON.
HE'S AN OLD NAVY
GUY, WALLY, AND HE
PULLED SOME STRINGS
FOR US [LAUGHS].
-ED: WELL, WALLY.
JIGGER AND I ARE
GONNA MISS YOU.
-SOMEDAY, ALL THREE
OF US WILL SIT DOWN
AND TALK ABOUT THE OLD
DAYS, HEY WAL, HUH?
-[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
-[END THEME PLAYING]